sPhuket Real Estate-Property Investment  

Generally, real estate Property investment is one of the oldest forms of investing, having been around since the early days of settled human civilizations. It involves a broad category of operating, investing, and financial activities centered on making money from tangible property or cash flows somehow tied to tangible property. Similarly, Phuket Real Estate market has stood out over time as one of the most profit yielding investments in Thailand. This can be attributed to many factors of which the increased in flock of Tourists is a major. Unlike the general real estate investment which is basically founded on owing a landed property with a building, leasing it out to someone in need of it at the moment and making the profit thereof, Phuket Real Estate offers something different; its aim is beyond that of seeking just the profit alone. We understand that most of our customers are tourists seeking where to reside or take retirement in the country or citizens who seek for a better home, a better environment or pure property investment for their family for high profit on property investment.  Real estate in Phuket is not just a business; it's a way of showing hospitality, love and care for one another and our little contribution in the growth and property development of the country. 

Having said the above, here are few of the points how to consider Phuket Real Estate market in the delivering of services to customers. They can also be considered as our core values in every transaction we embark on.
 
1.   Phuket Property Location
An age long punch line “Location, Location, Location" still rules and has remained the most important factor for profitability in property investment. So in Phuket real estate in the delivery our housing services to customers we consider proximity of the property to basic amenities, peaceful conforming areas, neighborhood status, scenic views, etc. While on delivery of commercial property services we look at proximity to markets, warehouses, transport hubs, freeways, tax-exempt areas, etc.  

2. Customers Income Stability
Next we consider in our service delivery is not just the willingness of the customers to pay a certain amount for a property, we consider the income stability of the customer and the kind of effect the amount paid will have on the long run. Hence, we serve not just as a real estate agent but also as financial advisers. This is very important to ensure our client doesn’t go bankrupt for completing a property deal.

3. Purpose
We try also among other things to understand the reason behind the change of location for customers who desire such. We believe purpose is the bedrock of every substantial property investment. We would achieve nothing if we cannot help our customer derive the purpose of investing in real estate. Permit me to say that real estate investment in Phuket is more than a business to us. We put our all to give customers desired outcome despite the risks involved. Be driven by Tourasian Real Estate where success investment is at home.
